This README file describes the MOST release.
Comments, questions, and bug reports are always welcome.

1.)GOAL
Designing a operating system with a minimum of functionality suitable for 
embedded system using microcontrollers with a minimum of 64K RAM and 64K FLASH.

Statistic: 
ca:	100 000 Lines, 1000 files
	 22 000 sloc ansic (98 %)
	    400 sloc asm   ( 2 %)
	    
2.)STRUCTURE 
MOST is a collection of libraries and board support packages.
They are linked together to one binary file.
The files in the sense of an application using the OS are placed in the
board support packages usr directory.
The compiled binaries are also placed in this directory.

3.)FEATURES
	* C library functions(ACE).
	* Multithreading, inter process communication, memory management(USO).
	* Device drivers for serial communication, timers, digital io, spi, adc, pwm ...(DEV).
	* SYS File system for printing system information(MFS).
	* Commandline interpreter for interaction and debugging (CLI). 
    * Udp/ip networking (tcp has do be done) (NET).
	* Network protocols bootp, tftp, syslog (others have to be done)(NAP).
    * Board support packages and bootloaders(BSP SAM(Olimex SAM7_EX256) actual, MDC(MOST Develpent Computer) outdated ).
	* Api documentation generated with doxygen(in work).
	* ARM7 (AT91SAM7X256),  H8 (H8/3003)
	
4.)FREE & OPEN	
MOST is freely available under the LGPL license(see COPYING).
The applications which are linked with MOST can be commercial.

5.)AVAILABILITY
MOST is a hobby project and it is developed in spare time.
It is not suitable for production purpose and there is also no warranty.
It is a research project for small operating systems on embedded systems.
It may be interesting for students and amateur embedded developers.
MOST is ready to run on some boards.

6.)HELP WANTED
To write a operating system is not easy and a time consuming task.
If you are interested in operating systems and embedded development,
your help will be welcome. On some development boards MOST can be quickly
installed and you should be able to test it , to change it, to improve it.

Michael Feiner
